# Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to the **Black Ops 6 Tools** app (hereby referred to as *"Application"*) for mobile devices that was created by **TheVezz** (hereby referred to as *"Service Provider"*) as an Open Source service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

---

## What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?

The Application does **not obtain any information** when you download and use it. Registration is not required to use the Application.

---

## Does the Application collect precise real-time location information of the device?

This Application **does not collect** precise information about the location of your mobile device.

---

## Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

Since the Application does **not collect any information**, no data is shared with third parties.

---

## What are my opt-out rights?

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by **uninstalling it**.  
You may use the standard uninstall processes available on your mobile device or through the application marketplace.

---

## Children

The Application is **not used to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13**.

The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. The Service Provider encourages all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services.

The Service Provider encourages parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without permission.

If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to the Service Provider, please contact:  
📧 **googledeveloper.despise876@passmail.net**  
so that appropriate actions can be taken.

> You must also be at least **16 years of age** to consent to the processing of your personal information in your country (or have parental/guardian consent where applicable).

---

## Security

The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information.  
However, since the Application **does not collect any information**, there is no risk of your data being accessed by unauthorized individuals.

---

## Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason.  
The Service Provider will notify you of any changes by updating this page.  
Please consult this Privacy Policy regularly, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

📅 **Effective date: 2025-03-22**

---

## Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by the Service Provider.

---

## Contact Us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or about our practices, please contact:  
📧 **googledeveloper.despise876@passmail.net**

---

*This privacy policy was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)*
